Kyle Johnson
ETCO 2601_51
Prof. Kosan
11-5-18
4.2) Describe the purpose of each stage of the database application lifecycle.

The stages for a database application lifecycle is as follows:
Database planning- This involves planning how the stages of the lifecycle can be realized most efficiently and effectively
System definition- This involves specifying the scope and boundaries of the database application, its users, and application areas.
Requirements collection and analysis- This involves the collection and analysis of the requirements of users and application areas.
Database design- This includes the conceptual, logical, and physical design of the database.
DBMS selection- This involves selecting a suitable DBMS for the database application.
Application design- This involves designing the user interface and the application programs that use and process the database.
Prototyping- This involves building a working model of the database application, which allows the designers or users to visualize and evaluate how the final system will look and function.
Implementation- This involves building a working model of the database application, which allows the designrs or users to visualize and evaluate how the final system will look and function.
Data conversion and loading- This involves converting and loading data (and application programs) from the old system to the new system.
Testing- The database application is tested for errors and validated against the requirements specified by the users.
Operational Maintenance- The database application is fully implemented. The system is continuously monitored and maintained. When necessary, new requirements are incorporated into the database application through the preceding stages of life.

4.3) Identify some of the techniques available to help document the users' requirements specification.

One could: 
Hold interviews and ask about what the user is wanting out of the system.
Attempt to aquire data sheets that are used.
Work at the site to see what the process is like.
Analyze the current system in place and listen the feedback issues with it.

4.7) Outline a procedure for selecting a DBMS.

Define Terms of Reference of study
Shortlist two or three products
Evaluate products
Recommend selection and produce report.

4.11) Assume that you are responsible for selecting a DBMS product for Wellmeadows Hospital case study. 
Describe the process of evaluating and selecting the best DBMS product

Define Terms of Reference of study
Shortlist two or three products
Evaluate products
Recommend selection and produce report.